
# **技术文档材料内容**

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/api-management-key-concepts

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/api-management-howto-create-groups

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/api-management-capacity

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/api-management-using-with-vnet?tabs=stv2



# 职位介绍
___
**Dev Support Engineer**

Are you interested in the cloud business, passionate about cloud computing technology? The Azure Platform is strategic to enabling customers, ISVs, and IT to develop, test, and deploy solutions in the cloud to take advantage of economies of scale, reliability, globally distributed data centers, and generally reduce the effort of managing dedicated IT infrastructure. Azure is a growing leader in the cloud market with Azure Support enabling customer success and providing a key differentiator when customers make buying decisions.

Azure Team is looking for a customer focused Support Engineer passionate about site up, availability, and supportability of the Azure platform. This role will be accountable for diagnosing and troubleshooting mission critical customer applications built on the Windows Azure platform.  The successful candidate will be able to manage complex, highly available services with a deep understanding of the underlying components, concepts (Azure Platform, Azure SDK, migration), and work directly with customers, and Engineering Team.

**Responsibilities**

·       Ability to analyze, troubleshoot, and remediate Azure software, network and datacenter stacks and bring quicker resolutions.

·       Drive continuous improvement in the Azure platform by incorporating feedback from internal/external customers

·       Develop tools, scripts to automate troubleshooting activities

·       Provide customer escalation analysis

·       Identify and drive implementation of customer centric mitigation levers and playbooks for Operations

·       Respond to and resolve critical customer issues as part of a work shift and attend urgent ad-hoc requests

**Qualifications**

**Required Soft Skills**

·       Handle technically challenging hot customer situations, including the appropriate use of all available resources, communicate effectively with Support teams and development on complex technical issues

·       Strong communications skills - Excellent spoken and written English communication skills

·       Effective, polished interaction with customer to gather information

·       Demonstrable troubleshooting skills

·       Cross-team collaboration

·       Logical and Critical thinking

·       Passion for technology and customer support

**Required Technical Skills**

·       Knowledge of basic computer science concept, such as operation system and networking. Experience in Cloud Computing, distributed system design is a plus. 

·       Experience in software development using one of the following languages: C/C++, .NET(C#/VB, etc), Java, PHP, Python, JavaScript, etc. Server-side web application design/development experience is a plus.

**Better to have**

·       Knowledge of cloud computing (IaaS, PaaS)

·       Experience of using Azure services/products

·       Experience of troubleshooting production/live environment issues such as application crash, performance tuning

 

**Education/Certificate**  
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent experience


# 面试时间

20号下午三点
[Teams链接](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/ap/t-59584e83/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fteams.microsoft.com%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%253ameeting_Njc4MGQwNzYtNTA1Mi00MzI2LWI0YzYtMzk4ZTMwNjUzYjk0%2540thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%252272f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%25222c6c44ca-09f5-4588-88f6-b28e7e71afc0%2522%257d&data=04%7C01%7Clilywa%40wicresoft.com%7C619657609ae94f7a9bd408d8da189b6c%7C05baf3e556fb496e9c41692c065323a4%7C1%7C0%7C637499146551897214%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&sdata=x14IlGSj4V%2BiexHDRmPcIpSUvTv5qcblhizAXwiPWxs%3D&reserved=0)